2867 - Fix expandable rows and frozen columns with datagrid (#3492)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Colors]` Fixed an incorrect ruby06 color, and made the background change on theme change now (again). ([#3448](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3448))
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where focus on reload data was forced to be on active cell. ([#358](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/358))
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed a bug where if a filter row column is frozen the mask and editor options would not be applied. ([#2553](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/2553))

> - `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where using rowTemplate/expandableRows and frozenColumns was not rendered properly. ([#2867](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2867))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where when using rowTemplate/expandableRows and frozenColumns on both sides the right side did not render properly. ([#2867](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2867))
```
